README.md, before:

# homework-portfolio
Third assignment of Bootcamp

## Description

This is the THIRD assignment for the Bootcamp. GENERATING RANDOM PASSWORD was bit tricky in the beginning as I couldn't attend the Thursday class. But after watching the recored video (which was not fun), i was able to collect ideas and information how and what to get done.

It was nice to make the code and come up with ideas in order to use effective coding.

The layout of the index.html file was provided which made is quite easy to just write the javascript code.

I used the sample, provided in homework README and came up with my end result.

## Table of Contents

- [URL (deployed application)](#url)
- [URL (github repository)](#urlrepo)
- [Layout](#layout)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## URL (deployed application)<a name="url"></a>

Following is the url link to access the deployed application.

https://muradmanni.github.io/homework-generate-password/


## URL (github repository)<a name="urlrepo"></a>

Following link is to access the code files using github repository.

https://github.com/muradmanni/homework-generate-password


## Layout
   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot1.jpg)

   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot2.jpg)
   
   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot3.jpg)

   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot4.jpg)

   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot5.jpg)

   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot6.jpg)

   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot7.jpg)

   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot8.jpg)

## Credits

I did alot of research using Google.com and found some free sample images to use. (www.freepik.com)

## License

No license required.

Commit message:

completed README file with description and images.

README.md, after:

# homework-portfolio
Third assignment of Bootcamp

## Description

This is the THIRD assignment for the Bootcamp. GENERATING RANDOM PASSWORD was bit tricky in the beginning as I couldn't attend the Thursday class. But after watching the recored video (which was not fun), i was able to collect ideas and information how and what to get done.

It was nice to make the code and come up with ideas in order to use effective coding.

The layout of the index.html file was provided which made is quite easy to just write the javascript code.

I used the sample, provided in homework README and came up with my end result.

## Table of Contents

- [URL (deployed application)](#url)
- [URL (github repository)](#urlrepo)
- [Layout](#layout)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## URL (deployed application)<a name="url"></a>

Following is the url link to access the deployed application.

https://muradmanni.github.io/homework-generate-password/


## URL (github repository)<a name="urlrepo"></a>

Following link is to access the code files using github repository.

https://github.com/muradmanni/homework-generate-password


## Layout
    Screen 1 : Main page.
   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot1.jpg)

    Screen 2: When generate password button pressed and prompt asking for password length. The input must be form 8 to 128 in order to move to next screen.
   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot2.jpg)
   
    Screen 3: Displaying options for random password.
   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot3.jpg)

    Screen 4: Getting user input for lowercase option in random password.
   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot4.jpg)
    
    Screen 5: Getting user input for uppercase option in random password.
   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot5.jpg)

    Screen 6: Getting user input for number option in random password.
   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot6.jpg)

    Screen 7: Getting user input for special character option in random password.
   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot7.jpg)

    Screen 8: Displaying random generated password with all the required options selected by user.
   ![screenshot of the webpage](assets/images/screenshot8.jpg)

## Credits

I did some research using Google.com.

## License

No license required.
